# Website overview
Providing Baizonn with an attractive and easy to use website that can be maintained and updated. This document will explain the layout of the website and the use of plug-ins on the website to add new activities, create user-specific timetables and give users a clearer view of all the teachers and content taught at Baizonn Learning Centre through the website. It is also possible to register contact details through the website to contact the Learning Centre directly on the website, as well as other general website configuration required to effectively maintain and update the website.

## Pages
##### 1. Index(Homepage)
Index is the home page of our website and by default is the first page all new visitors see. The current home page contains four sliding heros that can each be linked to different pages via buttons below, such as the registration page, the about us page, this index page and some other pages that have a slideshow plugin that provides some customisation to the site. If you need to change where it points, please feel free to do so via the WordPress editor.
Below the heroes information there are also several introductory pages that give a brief overview of the Learning Centre from multiple perspectives in a self-questioning format. For the teaching styles section there is a clickable hyperlink that redirects the user to a youtube video with a more detailed introduction to the teaching styles.

##### 2. About us
About Us is a page consisting of several images and text blocks. The first section consists of three interlocking parallel blocks of text and images, below each of which there is a button to locate a separate section below, for viewing teaching ideas, viewing our awards, and viewing our teachers. In the view our awards section, we have also created interchangeable tabs to distinguish between awards and the latest news. Below this is a section listing the teachers who have taught at our institution and their qualifications and achievements. At the bottom of the section, there is a contact us button which will direct the user to the contact us page.

##### 3. Classes
This page shows the subjects offered by Baizonn learning center: Science, Mathematics and Advanced Courses. In addition, users are shown the cost of different levels of courses and classes' schedules. The last block on the page is the button that leads to the registration page.

##### 4. Registration
The registration page includes advertisements for the Learning Center that are intended to draw consumers as well as a registration form with the necessary data to complete the registration. The awards and accomplishments of our group are listed here.
  
##### 5. Contact
Our contact details, including our phone number, email address, and learning center address, are listed on the contact page. If the user wants to communicate with us, they may utilize the Contact form to do so. Users can locate us thanks to our navigation photos of various modes of transportation heading to the learning centre. Finally, users can view the learning center's amenities on Google Maps, which is generated by the plugin.


## Posts
##### 1. Event:
The maintainer may show the event as a post instead of a static page. The post will contain a description of the event, time, date, location, and a button for the customers to book it. 

##### 2. Award:
The website maintainer may update the awards as a post that includes the award's image and title. It is also possible to include the day the learning center receives it.


## Plugins
##### 1. myStickymenu
It’s mainly known as a sticky navigation bar plugin, it can also be used to add a welcome banner to the bottom of your screen, which you can populate with a message, CTA, or sign-up prompt. The banner is sticky, meaning it stays on the user’s screen as they scroll. Users can hide this banner with a click if they’d prefer.

##### 2. WPForms
WPForms is a comprehensive contact form plugin. Its drag-and-drop form editor and pre-made starter templates help you create any form for your website in no time. All forms created using this plugin are responsive, meaning that they will work smoothly on mobile devices. They also come with hCaptcha and reCAPTCHA spam protection measures. Embedding any form to a WordPress page or post is easy, whether by using the included block or a shortcode.

##### 3. WP Go Maps (formerly WP Google Maps)
Add a customized Google map, map block or Store Locator to your WordPress posts and/or pages quickly and easily with the supplied shortcode. Perfect for contact page maps, routes, maps showing delivery areas and any other. Create Elementor Maps, map blocks and map widgets easily with our WP Go Maps Elementor map block integration.

##### 4. Forminator
Forminator is a WordPress quiz plugin that lets you build forms, surveys, polls, and calculations. Thanks to its expandability and integrated features, we consider this the best quiz plugin for WordPress sites. Using Forminator, we can create two types of quizzes – knowledge and personality quizzes. In addition, it lets us choose between non-paginated and paginated quiz designs. The editor comes with a drag-and-drop builder that lets  arrange questions and answers easily. The quiz appearance is also completely customizable, from the layout and fonts to its colors. We can also add custom CSS and translation files to your quizzes.

##### 5. Connections Business Directory
Connections Business Directory is a free WordPress directory plugin for posting compelling information about your business location or staff members. The plugin lets us use repeatable fields to display information like address, phone number, and email. You can set each entry as public, private – for logged-in users only – and unlisted – meaning only administrators can see it.

##### 6. Visualizer
Visualizer is a table plugin to incorporate visual elements like tables and charts into your WordPress site. When creating a chart or table, we can easily import the data using a CSV or JSON file. Using the plugin, we can also customize the visual design of the charts, including the typography, texts, and lazy rendering. There’s also a setting for front-end actions to set whether users can print, save, or export the table or chart.
